In our final project, we utilized the `airports.dat` and the `routes.dat` data files from the OpenFlights data set, which includes 6015 airports. We represented this data as a graph, with airport codes corresponding to vertices and routes corresponding to edges, by parsing these files. We were then able to traverse through all of these airports using a Breadth First Traversal. We have two implementations of BFS: one that traverses through the entire graph, and another that starts at a specific vertex. 

We implemented Dijkstra's algorithm, which takes in two airports and returns the shortest path between the source and the destination, or states that no such path exists. This algorithm takes into account the distances between the airports, which are calculated using the latitudinal and longitudinal coordinates of each airport. 

We implemented the PageRank algorithm, which uses the adjacency list representation of our graph to generate ranks for each of the airports in our graph. The rank represents the popularity of each airport based on the number of incoming flights. 

The user can interact with the algorithms we have implemented through the demo in our `main.cpp` file. The demo allows the user to enter the commands "bfs", "dijkstra", and "pagerank." The "bfs" command will display the first ten airports traversed with a breadth-first search out of 6015 airports in total, the "dijkstra" commmand allows the user to enter two 3-letter airport codes and find the shortest path between the two, and the "pagerank" command displays the top 10 airports based on PageRank score. 

An interesting discovery we made is that the top 10 airports generated using our PageRank algorithm are very closely aligned with the top 10 airports by passenger traffic. It is reasonable for there to be a strong correlation between ranks generated by number of passengers and ranks generated by number of incoming flights. Another discovery we made through testing our demo was that the majority of paths between airports included, at most, five flights. 